you
best buddies develops Rancho swimming
people with intellectual disabilities
and people without and it pretty much
just brings happiness and joy to
everyone involved the buddies in the
program are their students and adults
with intellectual and developmental
disabilities the benefit to them of the
program is that you know if they only
have their parents and facilitator as
friends now they're open up to having
peers as friends people that have maybe
common interests that are around the
same age the Buddy and the Buddy Pierre
gets something out of it they learn a
lot from each other patience tolerance
and they have tons of fun today what
we're doing is having a wrap up party so
this is the end of our year the kids
have spent lunch hours together they've
gone to the libraries together some of
them like concerts and we're celebrating
all of their great successes and their
great friendships today I think best
buddies is an amazing idea best buddies
brings joy to so many people and it
develops friendships that would sadly
not be there without best buddies for me
the best part is working and getting to
know our volunteers every day that I
meet with the students at the school and
the buddies at the school or adults I'm
always inspired by how much and how
excited they are to be a part of the
program
three of our students are autistics and
one of the difficulties they have is
with social skills so it's a way of
putting them in an environment where
they can practice those social skills in
a safe setting sometimes people get
together outside of school I went with
Jesse to the school dance which was so
much fun jesse is a buddy in best
buddies and he's in grade 12 right now
and he's just an awesome guy we went to
the dance together because he wanted to
go and we just danced the whole night it
was so much fun and he had all best
buddies dancing together and it was
really great you know I see when I'm
outside of the classroom in you know the
community and certain individuals aren't
treated with respect and I walk into a
Best Buddies chapter and those
individuals are treated with respect
they're treated with compassion they're
treated just like anybody else it's
personally moving and it inspires me
every day to just work harder because
that's what the program is all about
seeing all the smiles in the room it's
just it's awesome because it just brings
happiness to everyone and everyone is in
a good mood and even if people say had a
bad day or they had exams yesterday or
they did bad on a test you go in and you
have lunch with your buddy and you
forget about everything and all you do
is have fun I'm so proud to be a part of
us buddies
you